CTP updates for Phase 0 (#796)
riscv-non-isa/riscv-arch-test: ctp/src/profiles.adoc

This test plan addresses Phase 0, Phase 1, and Phase 2 RISC-V certification objectives, including the following ratified and unratified profiles.  The following is a summary of the Certification Requirement Documents (CRDs) for each phase, and changes to the CRDs supersede anything in this summary.

* https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Kg7Ner5ZlxFDclf92-9Tz88JvmZWt5Wb/view[RVI20 Profile] (Ratified): Phase 0

> ** RV{32/64}IMAFDC_Zifencei_Zicclsm_Zicntr_Zihpm with machine mode, no PMP.  Zicsr instructions only access counters and floating-point CSRs.

Reviewer: No machine mode.

Where a CRD is available, it lists the mandatory and optional extensions and IN/OUT-OF_SCOPE parameters.

This test plan makes some further assumptions, which should be checked against the CRDs when they become available:
* All certificates for profiles that support interrupts (Phase 1 and above) require that the platform be able to set and clear via software all interrupt pending bits defined by the certificate.
* Although the RVI20 profile states that ecall causes a trap to the execution environment, it also says that Zicsr instructions are not supported indepenent of the Zicntr or F instructions, so there

> is no way to control mtvec and write an interrupt handler.  Therefore ecall is not exercises.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Although the RVI20 profile states that ecall causes a trap to the execution environment, it also says that Zicsr instructions are not supported indepenent of the Zicntr or F instructions, so there
is no way to control mtvec and write a trap handler.  Therefore ecall is not exercised.
```
